Create ui-c8y-1023-14-196-fix-edit-permissions-for-in-memory-dashboards-with-group-level-access.md (#4963)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1023-14-196-fix-edit-permissions-for-in-memory-dashboards-with-group-level-access.md

---
date: ""
title: Default device info dashboard now respects group-level edit permissions
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-6671
version: 1023.14.196
---

> When dashboards were created in-memory and shared with groups, users with group-level access were unable to edit these dashboards even when they had the appropriate permissions. The edit permissions for in-memory dashboards with group-level access have been corrected so that users with the proper permissions can now edit these dashboards as expected. This fix ensures that group-level access controls work consistently for in-memory dashboards, allowing authorized users to make necessary modifications without encountering permission errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Device Management application, users with group-level edit permissions were unable to edit the default device info dashboard when opening a device. Edit permissions are now correctly applied based on group-level access.
```

---
date: ""

> title: fix edit permissions for in-memory dashboards with group-level access. [GRAFT][release/y2026]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Default device info dashboard now respects group-level edit permissions
```
